 INSTRUCTIONS FOR SUPERVISOR RECOGNITION

   SUPERVISOR RECOGNITION:

     1.  The applicant should possess Ph.D. degree in the relevant area of research in which he/she has carried out the research and the supervisorship will be awarded in the same faculty in which his/her Ph.D. degree is awarded.
     2. The regular Full-time teaching faculty in the University Departments / University Colleges / Colleges affiliated to the University and Full time Scientists of State / National Laboratories of Government of India located within
        the Tamil Nadu are eligible to apply for Supervisorship.
     3.  The applicant should have research publications (full length research articles in regular issue) in journals as detailed below :
          3.1.  Regular Full time Professor shall have at least five publications to his/her credit. Out of the five journal publications, a minimum of four publications must be from the 'Journal List' available in the Centre
                for Research website and one publications in UGC-CARE listed journal.
          3.2.  Regular Full time Associate Professor shall have at least five publications to his/her credit. Out of the five journal publications, a minimum of three publications must be from the 'Journal List' available in the
                Centre for Research website and two publications in UGC-CARE listed journal.
          3.3.  Regular Full time Assistant Professor shall have at least three publications to his/her credit. Out of the three journal publications, a minimum of two publications must be from the 'Journal List' available in the
                Centre for Research website and one publications in UGC-CARE listed journal.
          3.4.  Applicant shall be the first/second author (in case his/her Student/ Supervisor is the first author)/corresponding author in the publications. The credit of the published paper will be granted to only one of the
                authors for awarding the supervisorship. The published paper content should be in the relevant area of research of the applicant and within the scope of the Journal. If plagiarism is ascertained in the publications
                of the applicant, the application will be summarily rejected and the applicant will not be permitted to apply for supervisorship for the next Two years.
          3.5.  In case, the claimed research article has multiple corresponding authors, the proof of the original corresponding author who was involved in Journal communications should be produced for processing the            
                application.
          3.6.  Patent granted will be considered equivalent to one Journal paper publication.
                Utility patents are alone considered for processing the supervisor recognition while design / innovation and any other types of patents are not considered for processing. The patentee shall be the applicant or the 
                supervisor / student of the applicant or the College / Organization concerned. The applicant shall be in the first / second position in the patent (in case his / her student / supervisor is the first position).
                Note:  The papers published in the Special issue of a Q1 journal (refer our office circular dated 08.08.2024) will be considered subject to the recommendation obtained from the technical committee constituted by the           
                Hon’ble Vice-Chancellor.
     4.  The applicant who fulfills the norms will be recognized as supervisor based on the recommendation of the Faculty Chairperson concerned and approval of the Research Board.
     5.  Supervisors working in the non recognized research Departments of affiliated Engineering Colleges/ Architecture Schools situated within Tamil Nadu shall function only as Joint Supervisor.
     6.  A Supervisor shall entertain registration of new scholars under his/her supervision up to the age of (i) 58 years for University Departments / Regional Campuses / Constitutent Colleges / Govt. / Govt.-aided Institutions (ii) 63 
         years for self financing    Engineering College (affiliated to Anna University).
    7.  The recognized Supervisors of this University shall not obtain supervisorship status from any other University. However, the recognized Supervisors can function as Joint Supervisor for scholars working in association with other 
        reputed Universities which have MoU with Anna University.
    8.  Any violation of Ph.D. regulations by the Supervisor/Joint Supervisor shall lead to the withdrawal of the supervisorship either permanently or for a maximum period of five years and they shall be debarred from guiding the   
        existing scholars in the University till such period.


Processing of Application :

   Recognition as Supervisor for guiding research scholars shall be accorded by the Vice-Chancellor based on the recommendation of the Chairman/Chairperson of the Faculty in sequence to the Research Board.

   The applicant will receive the intimation from this office about the recommendation for Supervisor Recognition within three months from the date of receipt of hard copy of the application.

  Enclosures :

   Printed copy of the completed Online Registration Form.

   Photocopies of Ph.D., Post Graduate, Under Graduate Degree Certificates, X and HSC Marksheet

   Photocopies / reprints of the required number of the publications. If reprints are not enclosed, application will be summarily rejected. The publications requirements are given below for each cadre (for no. of publications        
   refer to instructions 3).
 
 S.No	 Designation	 No.of Publication
 1.	 Professor/Scientist	 5
 2.	 Associate Professor	 5
 3.	 Assistant Professor	 3

   Proof for the Institute Recognition (If applicable).

   Proof of Designation and Pay band (Recent salary certificate / Pay slip duly attested by the Head of the Department / Director of the Centre for UDs / Head of the Institute for others).

   Photocopies of the Appointment Order and Employee ID card duly attested by the Head of the Department / Director of the Centre for UDs / Head of the Institute for others.

   If the applicant is listed as first author and their supervisor / joint supervisor / student is listed as second author in the claimed publications, proof of supervision must be provided if they are the corresponding author. Even if       
   the order is reversed, the proof must be produced.

   "No Objection Certificate (NOC)" is obtained from the Corresponding author (if he / she is not the applicant or supervisor / student (enclose the proof) of the applicant). Further, NOC is also required from the first author in         
    case the applicant is the corresponding author but holds a position other than first author in that paper.

   Plagiarism report from "Turnitin" software should be attached for all Published Papers / Granted Patents.

   Proof of Q1 Journal if the special issue paper claimed.

  Important Note :

       The full length research article (in regular issue) claimed by the applicant must be available and viewable in the concerned journal with volume/issue number. If the article is not viewable, it is the responsibility of the      
   applicant to ensure the availability of the full length article in the concerned journal webpage. The article available as 'Online First' in the Journal webpage without volume/issue number shall not be considered for the processing   
   of application.

   The application should be forwarded through Head of the Department / Institution / Organization.

   Before starting to the filling up online application, keep ready with the following details / documents / information ( Personal, Educational qualification, Experience & Publication details.,).

   Upload the reprints (WORD or PDF format) of the published papers.

   After ensuring that all details are filled, Preview before Submission. Once it is ensured that all the details (Personal, Academic, Address, Experience & Publication Details etc.,) have been filled and are correct, submit the  
   Application.

   After Submission,You cannot modify the entered details. Note down the 4 digit reference number for future correspondence.

   Application fee for Supervisor Recognition of Rs. 5900/- (including GST Rs.900/-) (non-refundable one time fee) has to be paid through online mode only.

   Photocopies/reprints of the required number of the publications shall necessarily be enclosed. If reprints are not enclosed, application will be summarily rejected.

   For general queries contact our office at 044 - 2235 7354 / 7371.

   For any online application related query, send email to cfrguideship@gmail.com quoting your Unique 5 - digit reference number and registered Email-id.

   Making any corrections/striking off/overwriting manually, on the automatically generated data in PDF printout, will lead to rejection of Application.

   Do not refresh/reload the page while filling the form.

   The hard copy of the Application must be Submitted to our office within 15 days of the payment made. Failure to do so will result in the application being summarily rejected without notice.

   Printout of online application form along with required enclosures should be sent/submitted to the office at.
           The Director,
           Centre For Research,
           Anna University,
           Chennai-600025.

            I declare that all the information given by me in this application form is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief,and I understand that false or incomplete information would cause invalidation of the application. *

           Email Id : 


           Whether the Institution is affiliated to Anna University :  Yes  No

           Whether the applicant Department/Centre of the organization is recognized as a Research Centre approved by Anna University :  Yes  No
